<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <script> var exports = {}; </script>
    <script src="../js/kit25.js" />
    <script>
      const boiler = {
        safaris: puzzleSafari19,
        safari: 'ps19',
        title: 'Campus Redesign',
        author: 'Peter Golde',
        copyright: '2019',
        abilities: {
          textInput: 'nearest',
          scratchPad: true,
        },
        reactiveBuilder: 'pageBody',
        lookup: {
          top: ['A,R','H,J,K','B,M','O','C,W'],
          bottom: ['A,G','J,P','D,M,S','E,O,V,Y','C'],
          left: ['O,R','A','M,N,U','F,J','C,G'],
          right: ['O,W','A,I,K,L','M,Q,V','D,J,T','C'],
          grid: ['     ',' K  L','U    ','     ','   Y ']
        },
      };
    </script>
    <style>
      #flavor .sample {
        width: 40px;
        height: 44px;
        font-weight: bold;
        text-align: center;
        border: solid 1.5px black;
        padding: 0px;
      }
      .col-header {
        width: 0.75in;
        text-align: center;
      }
      .col-arrow {
        height: 0.2in;
        vertical-align: middle;
        text-align: center;
      }
      .col-spacer {
        width: 10px;
        font-size: 1pt;
        padding: 0px;
      }
      .row-spacer {
        height: 10px;
        font-size: 1pt;
        padding: 0px;
      }
      .left-header {
        height: 0.75in;
        text-align: right;
        vertical-align: middle;
      }
      .right-header {
        height: 0.75in;
        text-align: left;
        vertical-align: middle;
      }
      .row-arrow {
        width: 0.2in;
        text-align: center;
        vertical-align: middle;
      }
      .square-block {
        border: solid 1px black;
        text-align: center;
        vertical-align: center;
      }
      .square-block .letter-cell {
        width: 0.31in;
        height: 0.31in;
      }
      .square-block input {
        width: .3in;
        height: .3in;
      }


    </style>
  </head>
  <body id="Campus">
    <div id="pageBody">
      <div id="flavor">
        <p>
          The new campus design is ... interesting.  25 buildings, Building A through Building Y, are set up in a grid of 5 blocks by 5 blocks. Each building is from 1 to 5 stories tall. Each row and each column contains exactly one building of each height, from 1 to 5 (like a Sudoku).
        </p>
        <p>
          From any side, ignoring perspective, taller buildings block the view of shorter buildings. Thus, the 5 story building in a row (or column) is always visible, but a 3 story building is visible only if it is not blocked by a closer 4 or 5 story building. A 1 story building is visible only if it is the closest building, because otherwise it would be blocked.
        </p>
        <p>
          The outside edges of the diagram below indicate all buildings that are visible when looking directly along the row or column, in the direction of the arrow, 
          <b><i>but not necessarily in that order</i></b>. In this example row, from the left, C is blocked by E, and D is blocked by A; but from the right, B blocks the view of all other buildings:
        </p>

        <div style="width: 100%;">
          <table style="margin-left: 1.6in;">
            <tr>
              <td>A,B,E</td>
              <td style="width: 20px;">&#x1f87a;</td>
              <td class="sample">E<br/>2</td>
              <td>&nbsp;</td>
              <td class="sample">C<br/>1</td>
              <td>&nbsp;</td>
              <td class="sample">A<br/>4</td>
              <td>&nbsp;</td>
              <td class="sample">D<br/>3</td>
              <td>&nbsp;</td>
              <td class="sample">B<br/>5</td>
              <td style="width: 20px;">&#x1f878;</td>
              <td>B</td>
            </tr>
          </table>
        </div>
        <p>Here&rsquo;s the new campus. A few building names are filled in to start you off.</p>

      </div>

      <ttable id="table">
        <ttr>
          <ttd>&nbsp;</ttd>
          <for each="col" in="top">
            <ttd class="col-header">{col}</ttd>
          </for>
          <ttd>&nbsp;</ttd>
        </ttr>
        <for each="row" in="grid">
          <ttr>
            <ttd class="left-header">{left.[row#]}</ttd>
            <for char="ch" in="row">
              <ttd class="square-block">
                <letter /><br /><number />
              </ttd>
            </for>
            <ttd class="right-header">{right.[row#]}</ttd>
          </ttr>
        </for>
        
      </ttable>


    </div>
  </body>
</html>
