<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"></meta>
    <script> var exports = {}; </script>
    <script src="../js/kit24.js"></script>
    <script src="V/bmb.js" />
    <script>
      const boiler = {
        safaris: givingSafari24,
        safari: '21',
        'title': 'Boaty McBoatface',
        'author': 'Marnty Lovell',
        'copyright': '2021',
        abilities: {
          textInput: 'nearest',
          scratchPad: true,
        },
        'reactiveBuilder': true,
        'lookup': {
        },
      };
    </script>
    <style>
      .flavor {
        font-style: italic;
      }
      #table {
        width: 100%;
        border-spacing: 0px;;
        border-left: solid 0.5px gray;
        border-top: solid 0.5px gray;
      }
      #table td {
        padding: 8px;
        border-right: solid 0.5px gray;
        border-bottom: solid 0.5px gray;
      }
      .left {
        width: 2.75in;
      }
      .right {
        line-height: 24pt;
      }
      #Boaty .letter-cell {
        font-size: 12pt;
      }
      #Boaty .letter-underline {
        margin-right: 7px;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body id="Boaty">
    <div id="pageBody">
      <p class="flavor">
        We’re running an internet contest to name our new floating restaurant. 
        To avoid the obvious suggestions, we constrained the submissions to be 
        related to the title of a work of classic literature. Can you work out 
        the submissions and use them to find the competition winner?
      </p>

      <table id="table" class="letter-grid-2d">
        <tr>
          <td class="left">
            Mr Darcy works to overcome his initial judgment to help him understand the high and low waters.
          </td>
          <td class="right">
            <pattern pattern="4 3 9" numbers="3=1"></pattern>
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="left">
            Hallward paints a picture of a man and the image ages instead of the person. He works using liquid paint in aerosol cans that is blown into tiny droplets.
          </td>
          <td class="right">
            <pattern pattern="3 7 2 6 5" numbers="14=2 22=10"></pattern>
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="left">
            Theseus and Hippolyta arrive from Athens on a ship and get married in a wooden hall. They note how well the roof is held up, and how that reminds them of a conversation with the captain about the widths of ships in their fleet. 
          </td>
          <td class="right">
            <pattern pattern="1 9 6 4" numbers="11=3 18=12"></pattern>
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="left">
            Paul Baumer struggles after returning from World War I, in part because of the prevailing winds between 30- and 60-degrees latitude.
          </td>
          <td class="right">
            <pattern pattern="3 5 2 3 8 5" numbers="4=4 20=8 22=7"></pattern>
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="left">
            Nurse Ratched’s domineering behaviour is only tolerable due to the boat’s frequent stops in foreign ports and the giant evening buffets. 
          </td>
          <td class="right">
            <pattern pattern="3 7 4 3 7 4" numbers="6=5 28=11"></pattern>
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="left">
            Beatrice and Benedick scheme to win love and build on their shared interest in tying ropes in complicated topologies.
          </td>
          <td class="right">
            <pattern pattern="4 3 5 8" numbers="7=9 18=6"></pattern>
          </td>            
        </tr>
      </table>

      <div style="margin-top: 0.25in;">
        <pattern id="extracted" extract-numbered="3 9" data-show-ready="submit-extracted" />
        <button class="validater" id="submit-extracted" data-extracted-id="extracted">Submit</button>
      </div>

    </div>
  </body>
</html>
