<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <script> var exports = {}; </script>
    <script src="../js/kit25.js" />
    <script src="V/oda.js" />
    <script>
      const boiler = {
        safaris: puzzleSafari22,
        safari: 'ps22',
        title: 'Outdoor Action!',
        author: 'Martyn Lovell',
        copyright: '2022',
        abilities: {
          textInput: 'nearest',
          scratchPad: true,
        },
        reactiveBuilder: 'pageBody',
        lookup: {
        },
      };
    </script>
    <style>
      table {
        border-collapse: collapse;
      }
      td {
        border: solid 1px black;
        padding: 1px 8px 1px 8px;       
      }
      td.header {
        font-weight: bold;
        padding: 0px 12px;
      }
      td.clue {
        width: 3.95in
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body id="Outdoor">
    <div id="pageBody">
      <p class="flavor">
        The government has decided to subsidise movie production that emphasizes the beauty of nature. So we’ve decided to produce sequels to a classic outdoor movies. The problem is our marketing department says that outdoor movies are dull. So we’ve decided to mix a great action movie into each one to make that boring landscape more interesting. What are our new movies called?
      </p>
      <table>
        <tr>
          <td class="header">Description</td>
          <td class="header">Movie</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="clue">
            In 1963, Ennis and Jack kindle their forbidden love in the beautiful Wyoming mountains, but their relationship is interrupted when alien siblings Sara and Seth arrive and need help getting to an enchated peak to get their spaceship and save the world for the 3rd time.
          </td>  
          <td class="movie" style="padding-bottom: 10px;">
            <pattern pattern="4 2 9 5 8" numbers="11=14 16=6 26=3" />
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="clue">
            Lucy and George find romance and scenic vistas among the splendour of Florence and love reignites when they return to London. However, George’s friend James works at a London spy agency and they must all travel to Paris and then San Francisco with Stacey to save the market for Silicon Chips.
          </td>  
          <td class="movie">
            <pattern pattern="1 4 4 1 4 2 1 4" numbers="9=9 12=16 16=10" />
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="clue">
            John is a lieutenant in the civil war who befriends Lakota Americans. They name him after he befriends a wild animal. He returns to the city and starts a financial firm. He is initially successful, but he and his partners Jordan and Donny’s wild parties lead to too many lies and too many drugs to allow long term success.
          </td>  
          <td class="movie">
            <pattern pattern="6 4 6 2 4 6" numbers="10=13 15=2 28=4" />
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="clue">
            Alex is a mountain climber who wants to be the first to climb El Capitan alone and unaided by people or ropes. He loses his grip and thinks he has died, but discovers he is a video game character whose real name is Buddy and who comes back to life when he dies. With his best friend, they use their knowledge to free all the game characters and save Millie and Keys.
          </td>  
          <td class="movie">
            <pattern pattern="4 4 3" numbers="3=18 5=8" />
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="clue">
            Christopher abandons his family and education to live as a supertramp in the wild on a magic bus and ends up in Alaska. There he becomes an old style cowboy and teams up with Artemus and James, who are tracking down an inventive killer called Arliss who has built a giant mechanical spider to defend himself.
          </td>  
          <td class="movie">
            <pattern pattern="4 3 4 4 4" numbers="1=7 15=1 19=12" />
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="clue">
            Biologist Robert is a lone human in a world of monsters trying to find a cure for the vampires, but he loses his life trying. Escaping the city for spectacular Montana, brothers Tristan and Alfred form a love triangle with Susannah and, in a story spanning 60 years, tear the family apart. 
          </td>  
          <td class="movie">
            <pattern pattern="1 2 7 2 3 4" numbers="8=15 18=17" />
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td class="clue">
            A school party visits an outdoor landmark in Australia for a picnic, but students Miranda, Irma and Marion go missing, as well as a teacher. The FBI send their agent John and scientist Stanley to the abandoned island location to rescue the missing girls before their captor can blow up San Francisco with missiles.
          </td>  
          <td class="movie">
            <pattern pattern="6 2 3 4" numbers="4=11 10=5" />
          </td>
        </tr>
      </table>

      <p style="margin-top: 4px;">
        <pattern id="extracted" extract-numbered="5 4 2 3 4" />
      </p>

      <use template='finalAnswer' left="2in" width="3in" />

    </div>
  </body>
</html>
