<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"></meta>
    <script> var exports = {}; </script>
    <script src="../js/kit24.js"></script>
    <script src="docs.js"></script>
    <script>
      const boiler = {
        safari: 'Docs',
        paperSize: 'ledger',
        orientation: 'portrait',
        title: '&lt;number/&gt;',
        reactiveBuilder: true
      };
    </script>
    <script src="docs.js"></script>
    <link href="docs.css" rel="Stylesheet" type="text/css"></link>
    <style>
      code b, .code b {
        font-size: 11pt;
        background-color: #c3e5f0;
      }
      th {
        text-align: left;
      }
      td.code {
        font-family: 'Courier New', Courier, monospace;
        background-color: lightblue;
        border: blue solid 1px;
        white-space: nowrap;
      } 
      td.rendered {
        text-align: center;
        white-space: nowrap;
      }
      td.comment {
        font-style: italic;
      }
      td.comment code {
        font-style: normal;
      }
      td.override {
        font-family: 'Courier New', Courier, monospace;
        white-space: nowrap;
        vertical-align: bottom;
      }
      td.style {
        font-family: 'Courier New', Courier, monospace;
        white-space: nowrap;
      }
      tr.alt:nth-child(odd) td {
        background-color: #ffffdd;
      }
      tr.alt:nth-child(odd) td.code {
        background-color: lightblue;
      }
      td li {
        text-indent: -20px;
        padding-left: 20px;
      }
    </style>
  </head>

  <body id="number">
    <div id="pageBody">
      <p style="font-weight:bold">Creates a small input field, sized for a single numeric character.</p>
      <li>On devices with a virtual keyboard, it should default to numeric input.</li>
      <li>Otherwise, these fields are identical to a <use template="link" elmt="letter" />.</li>

      <h2>Attribute-driven variations:</h2>
      <p>This list only describes differences from <use template="link" elmt="letter" />.</p>
      <build>
        <table class="alternating-rows" style="width:100%; border-spacing: 2px;">
          <tr>
            <th>HTML</th>
            <th>Rendered</th>
            <th></th>
          </tr>
          <tr class="alt">
            <td class="code" onclick="selectCodeBlock(this, event)">
              &lt;number/&gt;
            </td>
            <td class="rendered"><number /></td>
            <td class="comment">Input for single digit.
            </td>
          </tr>

          <tr class="alt">
            <td class="code" onclick="selectCodeBlock(this, event)">
              &lt;number/&gt;<br />
              &lt;number <b>extract=''</b>/&gt;
            </td>
            <td class="rendered" trim="all">
              <number />
              <number extract='true' />
            </td>
            <td class="comment">Extracted numbers behave the same as the &lt;letter&gt; equivalent.
            </td>
          </tr>

          <tr class="alt">
            <td class="code" onclick="selectCodeBlock(this, event)">
              &lt;number/&gt;<br />
              &lt;number <b>literal="+"</b>/&gt;<br />
              &lt;number/&gt;
            </td>
            <td class="rendered" trim="all">
              <number /><number literal="+" /><number />
            </td>
            <td class="comment">Literal numbers are indistinguishable from the &lt;letter&gt; equivalent.<br />
            </td>
          </tr>

        </table>  
      </build>      

      <h2>Generated HTML</h2>
      <p>Additional attributes and styles both identify the letter-cells of &lt;number&gt;s, and achieve the numeric constraint.
      </p>
      <code style="margin-left:20px;">
        &lt;span class="letter-cell <b>numeric</b>"&gt;<br />
             &lt;input type="text" class="letter-input" pattern="<b>[0-9]*</b>" inputmode="<b>numeric</b>" /&gt; <br />
        &lt;/span&gt;
      </code>

      <h2>Regional overrides</h2>
      <p>Exactly the same optional styles are available. They will each be slightly wider, but otherwise equivalent.
      </p>
        
      <h2>CSS overrides</h2>
      <p>The guidelines for overriding CSS styles for &lt;number&gt; are exactly the same as 
        <use template="link" elmt="letter" />.
      </p>

    </div>

    <template id="link" trim="all">
      <if exists="{elmt?}"><a href="{elmt}.xhtml">&lt;{elmt}/&gt;</a></if>
      <else><a href="{page}.xhtml">{page}</a></else>
    </template>

  </body>
        
</html>